Miscellaneous icon fixes (#3292)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/shiny-ants-pull.md

---
"@salt-ds/icons": patch
---

> Re-exporting all the icons from Figma. This has caused the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reexporting all the icons from Figma. This has caused the following:
```
